oAuth v1.0 #stable
	a) Implement validation and exception handling in oAuth

Prospect registration v1.0 #stable
	a) Implement exception handling in LBT Prospect registration .
	b) Implement validation in LBT Prospect registration .
	c) Implement validation and exception handling in prospect registration via Facebook .
	d) Crated  migration for Facebook registration .
	e) Modified prospect registration API  for  Facebook login.

Prospect Login v1.0 #stable
a) Crated LBT Prospect login .
b) Crated Facebook login .

Prospect Login v1.1 #stable
a) Create Change password.
b) Create Prospect forgets password.

Prospect Login v1.2 #stable
a) Fixed forget password issue
b) Modified prospect registration

Prospect Edit v1.0 #stable
a) Edit Prospect
b) Upload Avatar

Prospect Edit v1.1 #stable
a) Created API to view list of Avatar for  prospect
b) Change avatar API
c) Fixed validation issue in prospect edit api
d) created migration for notification

Prospect Edit v1.2 #stable
a) Fixed validation issue in prospect change avatar api

Prospect Edit v1.3 #stable
a) Created API to add notification setting for  News and Offers Notification

Prospect Edit v1.4 #stable
a) Created API to add & update  notification setting for Brand Notification
b) Crated API to list all selected brand
c) Modified News and Offers Notification API

Prospect Edit v1.5 #stable
a) Modified News and Offers to Global Notification API
b) Modified Brand Notification to  National Notification API
c) Created Brand Associates Notification settings
d) Created customer logout API
e) Modified get offer API implemented exception handling and validation.

Prospect Edit v1.5.1 #stable
Fixed prospect display issue

Prospect offers v1.0 #stable
a) Created offer filter by category
b) Created offer filter by brand

Prospect offers v1.1 #stable
a) Created API to Add offer in customer lookbook
b) Created Api to View offer details
c) Fixed offer filter API issue.

Prospect offers v1.2 #stable
	a) Crated API to request an appointment by prospect
	b) Implemented validation and  exception handling in  view prospect appointment details API
	c) Implemented validation and  exception handling in  view prospect appointments API
	d) Modified view lookbook API
	e) Modified add info request API added validation and implemented exception handling
	f) Modified view list and info details API added validation and implemented exception handling
	g) Implemented validation and  exception handling in  delete offer from Lookbook API

Prospect offers v1.3 #stable
	a) Modified view request information details API.
	b) Add pivot validation in information details API.
	c) Add pivot validation in lookbook delete API.
	d) Modified view individual offer API.
	e) Implemented send mail to BA on add new offer to lookbook

Prospect offers v1.4 #stable
	a) Implemented mailing feature for BA on new Appointment Request.
	b) Implemented mailing feature for Prospect on new Appointment Request.
	c) Fixed validation issue in all API.

Prospect offers v1.4.1 #stable
	a) Created API to map Dealer location.
	b) Implemented Send mail to BA on new Info Request.
	c) Implemented Send mail to Prospect on new Info Request.

Prospect offers v1.4.2 #stable
	a) Fixed validation issue in remove offer form lookbook
	b) Fixed validation issue in view appointment details Request.
	c) Fixed validation issue in view information details Request.
Prospect offers v1.4.3 #stable
	a) Fixed route issue for Dealer Location
	b) Created prospect Share offer api by email.

Prospect offers v1.5 #stable
	a) Modified prospect Share offer api by email.Implemented Email validation.
	b) Created API to display offer for prospect.
Prospect offers v1.5.1 #stable
	a) Modified prospect add offer to lookbook API.
	b) Modified prospect remove offer from lookbook API.
	c) Modified My offer API. Implemented validation.

Prospect offers v1.5.2 #stable
	a) Created keyword search and pagination option in My offer API.

Prospect offers v1.5.3 #stable
	a) Modified prospect share offer by email API.
	b) Modified My offer API implemented spacial character search
	c) Crated API to view nearest dealers.

Prospect offers v1.5.4 #stable
	a) Modified prospect share offer by email API.

Prospect offers v1.6 #stable
	a)Crated API to view assigned BA.

Prospect offers v1.6.1 #stable
	a) Modified prospect share offer by email API.

Prospect offers v1.7 #stable
	a) Created API to find nearest BA offers
	b) Created API to find nearest dealer

Find Dealer v1.0 #stable
	a) Modified API to find nearest dealer.
	b) Modified view assigned BA Api .

BA Offers v1.0 #stable
 	a) Created  Api to list BA offers for a customer by selected brand.
	b) Modified find nearest dealer API.

Brand v1.0 #stable
	a) Modified  Api to list BA offers for a customer by selected brand.
	b) Implemented Keyword search BA Offers
	c) Created API to display assigned brand associate offers.
	d) Modified  brands list api. Implemented validation and exception handling.
	e) Added pagination in brand list API.
	f) Created API to add brand in system
Brand v1.1 #stable
	a) Created API to edit brand details
	b) Implemented image logo update option in Brand update API.
Brand v1.2 #stable
	a) Modified Add brand API.
	b) Created API to  Delete Brand details
	c) Modified Edit brand . Implemented wp_brand_id
	d) Created Class to convert wp_brand_id to brand id
	e) Created  migration to added wp_category_id in category table.



